Release 3.22 (#3739)
objectcomputing/OpenDDS: NEWS.md

### Notes:
- TODO: Add your notes here

## Version 3.22.0 of OpenDDS

> OpenDDS 3.22.0 was released on TODO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenDDS 3.22.0 is currently in development, so this list might change.
```

### Additions:
- Sequences in FACE mapping: support == for any type (#3604)
- Implement instance security methods from DDS Security Spec (#3557)
- Added meta-discovery server to RtpsRelay (#3655)
- Support building for VxWorks 21.03 (#3723)

> - alive and active flags now have timestamp in RtpsRelay (#3579)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- alive and active flags now have timestamps in RtpsRelay (#3579)
```
